yo what's going on guys djs here got
another new field Friday video for you
guys today happy friday and i end up
getting this this client up getting
really close to a nuke on this one again
and it was another fail from a UAV
unfortunately isn't the worst dude i
don't know it feels like the worst feels
horrible but the the nuke attempt was
pretty noble with my opinion everything
worked out the way I wanted it to you
can see these guys are spawning over on
the sea flag which is fun when they're
standing in the building and I can run
through in just a knife and maybe this
guy I don't know what he's doing I
missed him a thousand times and I'm just
running back and forth through the sea
area with this trusty little TAC knife
trying to catch him with a spotlight
right there that guy still I think he
was going
maybe not he's funny he was too busy
focusing on his new tune as you saw
right there but if you just run and I
was trying to be sneaky right here if
you run back and forth like you can see
right there they just spawn right down
there chop writer that's killing that
guy but I'm gonna run it up and try to
oh yeah but this is it I mean I just run
run circles and stuff and you can see
they spawn right down there I miss it
the knife again I failed with that knife
so many times it's just ridiculous it
felt like some of those should have
actually gone through though I don't
know why it lunges right through them
commando is so good at La just past the
enemies but i'll try to be strategical
there got7 got 82 there's else up here
got nine and then my teammates up here
there's a guy running back towards me so
I'm trying to figure out if I can shoot
him or not so I got nine calling my
Harriers and I'm hoping our team's
pushing up and you can see enough to
make it so we can have them spawn on a
and that's the ideal situation just
about died right there and I was like
dude I gotta push up on see so you can
see they took a but I was like we gotta
push seat because they're still spotted
over here and you can see that they're
coming down through this area bottom so
it's just trying to contain them
hopefully my teammates will help me cap
see I don't remember how the Pistons are
working with her you can see they're
totally spawning on a now what my
Harriers up so I'm
130 now and I got that little long shot
so this is where I think it gets kind of
interesting you can see that i'm ready
to call on my AC 130 but then all of a
sudden the ac-130 things about to happen
and then as I'm in my AC 130 I end up
hearing this kind of enjoy a spot which
is totally horrible because this is
usually one of those things where like
this ends up being a nuke because
they're spawning like perfectly on a I'm
seeing them spawn in I should be able to
get this nuke really easily there's
double kills there's a triple coming
right here you can see I just got killed
by somebody a deadly weiner guy or
whatever and that sucks man because this
would have been a nuke for sure
sometimes it happens like this so
sometimes these nuke fails will be like
well it could have gone either way this
is one that like I definitely should
have had the nuke but because it called
in the UAB strictly because of that I
ended up getting a killed man it's not
really bad and there I was shooting
still even though I was out of the knife
is great anything but um but yeah that's
pretty much that's pretty much it man
what a crappy crappy way to go for these
guys and these guys are in a little clan
it looks like
and so they really didn't want me to
they really didn't want me to get the
nuke you can see I was kind of going ham
on these guys unfortunately the nuke
failed and this time that's what new
field Friday is all about hope you guys
like a series and check back every
Friday for nuke fails if you guys like
to see at the actual nukes TNT is on
Tuesdays but man that feeling of getting
killed in and just see me watching I'm
like ah man they killed me in my c-130
sure you guys could relate anyways I
might as well play the rest of the
gameplay for you guys who as you guys
can see it and I end up being pretty
aggressive I get to like crazy it's
amazing that I was able to even come
that close to getting a nuke with all
the new troops going on you can see two
back-to-back tubes and they're just the
tubes in this game were ridiculous
obviously but but but I was rushing to a
flag because I know that they were
camping up at the top hey I thought and
I wanted to make sure that's I was deep
in their spawn causing havoc on these
guys and their I finally killed Weiner
back mr. Weiner deadly Weiner killed me
and then you can see that they're
spawning down there so I'll just trying
to be aggressive and just mess with
these guys in their own spawns and have
fun with it and I got Weiner again
coming back for his revenge kill and
Suzette who's that guy over there
comes up comes towards me I catch all
the way that was Oh was Weiner I got
Weiner again three times least I got my
revenge against the guy that killed me
and I was uh I was just in their spawn
just kind of making these guys pay a
little bit for for their actions which
is good and then I ended up having the
gay men but 60 and 17 died a lot but
have a going guys thanks watching beach